feat: Add sinco v3 docs (#63)
drashland/website-v2: docs/sinco/v3.x/2_tutorials/2_page/6_custom_assertions.md

# Custom Assertions

## Table of Contents

- [Before You Get Started](#before-you-get-started)
- [Folder Structure End State](#folder-structure-end-state)
- [Steps](#steps)
- [Verification](#verification)

## Before You Get Started

`Page` provides some utility methods that act as wrappers for Deno's std/testing
assertions. These methods will run a query on the DOM and make an assertion. You
do not need to assert these yourself.

> The methods it provides are:
> 
> - `assertSee` - This method will assert that the given text exists inside the
>   page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The method it provides is:

- `assertSee` - This method will assert that the given text exists inside the
  page.
```

Author: kinda against this, cause the wording allows for expansion should we ever add more, we dont need to update the text

Reviewer: i figured that's where you were going with this, but suggested anyways. alright ! LGTM

In this tutorial, you will:

> - Create a headless browser instance;
> - Assert text exists inside the DOM (page).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a headless browser instance; and
- Assert text exists inside the DOM (page).
```

## Folder Structure End State

```text
▾ /path/to/your/project/
  app_test.ts
  deps.ts
```

## Steps

1. Create your `app_test.ts` file.

   ```typescript
   // app_test.ts

   import { buildFor } from "./deps.ts";

   Deno.test("My web app works as expected", async () => {
     const Sinco = await buildFor("chrome");
     const page = await Sinco.goTo("https://drash.land");
     await page.assertSee("Develop With Confidence");
     await Sinco.done();
   });
   ```

> Here you are going to create your headless browser instance, and navigate to
> https://drash.land. Once the page has loaded, you will assert that you can see
> some given text on the page, and in this example, it is Develop With Confidence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you are going to create your headless browser instance, and navigate to
`https://drash.land`. Once the page has loaded, you will assert that you can see
some given text on the page, and in this example, it is `Develop With Confidence`.
```

## Verification

1. Run your test.

   ```shell

>    $ deno test --allow-run --allow-read --allow-net app_test.ts

Author: add restrictive perms

   ```

> 2. All of your tests should pass

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. All of your tests should pass.
```
